VERSION	COMMENTS
-------	-------------------------------------------------------------

2012    2012-01-18

        Updated version number to 2012 to reflect small updates (e.g.,
        new src/port/cfortran/cfortran.h, modified src/decode/Makefile)
        and that the package is still viable.

2008    2009-04-30

        Note: The version number is kept at 2008 since McIDAS went
        into maintenance mode with v2008.

        A variety of changes to C routines, Makefiles and test data
        files.

        Introduction of a new McIDAS lightning decoder, 'lgt2md', that
        handles both NLDN binary and USPLN ASCII data record formats.
        'lgt2md' is designed as a drop-in replacement for 'nldn2md':
        user's pattern action file entries for decoding NLDN data
        can be easily updated by replacing 'nldn2md' with 'lgt2md'.

        ROUTE.SYS (distributed as route.sys) was updated to include
        a new product, 'LP', for USPLN lightning data.

        The Makefile in the src/decode directory was reorganized to
        build the subset of the encoders/decoders contained in the package
        that are written entirely in C:

        area2png    - PNG-compresses the image portion of single-banded
                      McIDAS AREA files
        pnga2area   - uncompresses images created by 'area2png'
        zlibg2gini  - uncompresses the Zlib-compressed images contained
                      in the NOAAPort broadcast (and conveyed in the
                      IDD in the NIMAGE feed)
        pngg2gini   - uncompress NOAAPort images that have been
                      PNG-compressed by the Unidata NOAAPort ingest
                      package (archaic)
        proftomd    - decodes wind profiler netCDF files from NOAA/GSD
                      into McIDAS MD format files
        lgt2md      - decodes NLDN and USPLN lightning data into
                      McIDAS MD files

        This set is built by running 'make' or 'make basic'.
        
        In addition to this set, the Fortran-based 'nldn2md' NLDN
        lightning decoder will be built by 'make full'.

        The Makefile in src/decode also provides for the (attempted)
        building of archaic McIDAS decoders:

        cdftomd     - decodes wind profiler netCDF files from NOAA/GSD
                      into McIDAS MD format files (use 'proftomd' instead)
        gunrv2      - decodes compressed McIDAS GRID files sent in the
                      old Zephyr/Alden satellite broadcast into McIDAS
                      GRID format
        lwfile
        lwtmd2      - decodes compressed McIDAS MD files sent in the
                      old Zephyr/Alden satellite broadcast into McIDAS
                      MD format
        lwtoa3      - decodes delta-compressed McIDAS image files from
                      the old Zephyr/Alden satellite broadcast into McIDAS
                      AREA format
        nids2area   - converts Nexrad Level III images into McIDAS
                      AREA file format (best to use McIDAS IMGCOPY from
                      NEXR to AREA datasets directly as McIDAS capabilities
                      are kept up to date)
 
        In addition decoders built by 'make full', an attepmt will be
        made to build these decoders when the user runs 'make all'.
        There is _no_ guarantee that these decoders will be built
        successfully!

2004    2004-09-14

        Added O_TRUNC flag to mkdirs_open call in pnga2area.c,
        pngg2gini.c, and zlibg2gini.c.  This corrects a problem
        encountered when decoding Unidata-Wisconsin images (IDD
        feedtype UNIWISC aka MCIDAS) when using McIDAS routing table
        (ROUTE.SYS) concepts.  The problem was manifested in decoded
        image files keeping the size of the images they were
        overwriting.  So, the file size was always the "high water
        mark" of sizes for the products.

        NOTES:
        - this did not affect the sizes of files decoded without using
          McIDAS routing table concepts
        - the decoded images using McIDAS routing table concepts were
          valid/usable even though they are larger than they need to
          be

        Changed IDD datastream name from MCIDAS to UNIWISC in example
        pqact.conf files.

        Updated distribution with the versions of SATANNOT, SATBAND,
        and SCHEMA from the latest Unidata McIDAS distribution, v2004.

        Cleaned up batch.k shell script that runs McIDAS postprocess
        BATCH files.  Internal comments should now be easier to follow
        than in previous versions.

        Updated man pages for currently used decoders: area2png(1),
        nldn2md(1), pnga2area(1), pngg2gini(1), proftomd(1), and
        zlibg2gini(1).

        Removed building of decoders now considered to be obsolete:
        cdftomd(1), lwtoa3(1), gunrv2(1), lwfile(1), lwtmd2(1),
        and nids2area(1).  Source code for these decoders is still
        included in the distribution, but their use is not guaranteed
        mainly since subroutines they use from the McIDAS library
        are no longer supported.

2003    2003-07-29

        Added utililty routine zlibg2gini that uncompresses Zlib
        compressed GINI images in NIMAGE IDD datastream.

        Fixed a bug that kept McIDAS routing table, ROUTE.SYS,
        dates and times from being updated.

2002    2002-12-20

        Replaced information messages in pngg2gini.c that referred to
        pnga2area with pngg2gini.

        Corrected logic in pnga2area.c for processing a product whose
        product code is not contained in the McIDAS routing table,
        ROUTE.SYS.  Before, the routing table would get corrupted
        and the AREA file number included in the '-r pcode,anum'
        flag would not be used.  Now, the routing table will not
        be updated for unregistered products, and the default AREA
        file number will be used.
	
        Added a test in Makefile.in for unPNG compressing an image
        using the '-r pcode,anum' syntax when the product code, pcode,
        is not contained in the McIDAS routing table.

        Added enties for CIMSS Wildfire ABBA images in McIDAS routing
        table (product codes CG -> Northern Hemisphere WF_ABBA;
        CH -> Southern Hemisphere WF_ABBA).

        Cleaned up logic in getrte_ module in pngsubs.c and cdfsubs.c.

        Changed 'mkstemp' call back to 'mktemp' in proftomd.c.  'mkstemp'
        was causing creation of zero length files in the directory from
        which the LDM was started from (pattern .tmp_netcdf.XXXXXX).

        Added example pqact.conf entries for CILSS Wildfire ABBA
        images in ldm-mcidas-pqact.conf.

        Cleaned up LD_LIBRARY_PATH line in batch.k.

        Changed version number to match current McIDAS release that
        the package is linked against.

7.8.0   2002-04-08
        Incorporated zlib 1.1.4 and PNG 1.2.1 libraries.  Zlib library
        was updated due to security alert about older zlib versions
        in spring of 2002.

        Added new PNG compressed GINI decoder, pngg2gini.  Updated
        distribution with test file and man page for pngg2gini.

        Binary distributions are built linking against Unidata McIDAS
        Version 7.8.x.

7.6.4   2000-07-21
        Corrected problem in pnga2area: udebug was being called before
        system logging was setup.

        Corrected problem in ldm-mcidas-pqact.conf: two of the nids2area
        entries had lines that were split at the 80 character mark.  This
        will cause 'ldmadmin pqactcheck' to report a problem with these
        actions.

7.6.3   2000-06-20
        Updated delta-encoded AREA file decoder, lwtoa3, to read stdin
        until EOF after image decoding is complete.  This traps a problem
        seen mainly with Mollweide imagery (10.7 um and 6.8. um (Water Vapor))
        imagery where there is extraneous bytes sent in the LDM product
        after the image data.  ** NOTE ** delta encoded images will be
        replaced by PNG encoded images in the Unidata-Wisconsin datastream
        in June/July of 2000.

        Developed new PNG compression and uncompression routines for
        imagery in McIDAS AREA file format.  The PNG compressed form
        can be converted back into AREA files with the pnga2area
        decoder.  AREA files can be compressed into PNG form using
        the area2png encoder.  Added zlib and PNG lib directories
        to the ldm-mcidas distribution.  The PNG encoder/decoder
        link against both the libz.a and libpng.a libraries.  The
        source for the new encoder and decoders is contained in
        area2png.c, pnga2area, and pngsubs.c.  Man pages for these
        routines are available as area2png.1 and pnga2area.1.

        Added McIDAS-X satellite annotation, SATANNOT, and satellite
        band, SATBAND, information files to the distribution.  These
        files are needed by the PNG encoder, area2png, and decoder,
        png2area routines.  Their fully qualified pathnames are specified
        to the encoder/decoder using the '-a SATANNOT_pathname' and
        '-b SATBAND_pathname' flags.  (SATANNOT_pathname is the fully
        qualified pathname to the SATANNOT file: example:
        /usr/local/ldm/etc/SATANNOT; and SATBAND_pathname is the fully
        qualified pathname to the SATBAND file: example:
        /usr/local/ldm/etc/SATBAND).

        Added a test data file for the PNG decoder routine, pnga2area.
        Updated the McIDAS routing table, ROUTE.SYS, and System Key
        Table, SYSKEY.TAB, with entries for PNG compressed CIMSS imagery
        products that were added to the Unidata-Wisconsin data stream.
        Updated example LDM pattern action file, ldm-mcidas-pqact.conf,
        with entries for PNG compressed CIMSS imagery products.
        
7.6.2	2000-01-18
        Added NLDN and FSL profiler test files into manifest of test files.
        The lack of these files caused failures in 'make test'.

7.6.1	1999-08-17
        Corrected typos in route post process shell script, batch.k
        (MDATA -> MCDATA and PATH=$MCGUI:... -> PATH=${MCGUI}:...)

7.6.0	1999-08-08
        Updated schema files for NLDN (DCNLDN), and profiler (DCWPRO and
        DCWPR6) for Y2K capablility (date converted from SYD to CYD).

        Updated FSL2 wind profiler decoder 'proftomd' to be able to
        read/write ROUTE.SYS and SYSKEY.TAB and to use Y2K capable
        date format (CCYYDDD).

        Updated NLDN (nldn2md) and NIDS (nids2area) decoders to use
        Y2K capable McIDAS 7.[456] time functions.

        Added NLDN test file to distribution.  Added running NLDN decode
        test to decode/ Makefile.

        Added Bourne shell script 'uwgrid.sh' that can be used to recreate
        the NG and NF GRID products that were in the Unidata-Wisconsin
        datastream from XCD decoded grids.

        Updated with new version of route.sys, syskey.tab and SCHEMA.

        Updated 'batch.k' to be more modular and have current SUNWspro
        references.

        Removed checking for LDM regular expression library.  LDM versions
        5.08 and above no longer include Henyr's Spencer's regular
        expression package.

        Removed building of 'readit' file.  This was used in McIDAS-X
        2.102 systems which are no longer supported.

        Removed 'batch.mx' script from MANIFEST of decoders/ Makefile.
        This was used in McIDAS-X 2.102 systems which are no longer
        supported.

        Commented out GRID, MD, and TEXT entries in 'ldm-mcidas-pqact.conf'.
        These products were removed from the Unidata-Wisconsin datastream
        on 19990701.

7.4.0	1998-11-10
		Made handling of I/O errors by decode/nids2area more 
		robust.  This should eliminate the bug wereby the
		program sometimes crashed after seeing a "bad radial".

		Updated with new versions of route.sys, syskey.tab, and SCHEMA.

		Modified Makefile so binary release will contain SCHEMA in etc.

		Fixed typos in ldm-mcidas-pqact.conf.

		Added test data sets for FSL2 hourly summary and 6-minute profiler data.

		Fixed fclose(stream) bug in cdftomd.c.

		Removed lwi, lwo, lbi, and lbo routines from csubs.c.  These
		are not needed for McIDAS-X 7.10 or 7.40.

7.1.3	1997-12-23
		This release associates with McIDAS-X release 7.10.

		Added new decoder, proftomd(1).  This addition is
		defined by the set of routines: proftomd.c, cdfsubs.c,
		decode_fsl1.c, decode_fsl2.c, decode_ncprof.c,
		mkdirs_open.c, vapor_pres.c, profiler.1, and DCWPR6.
		proftomd handles both the FSL hourly and 6-minute
		netCDF datasets.  It can be used with either the
		Unidata-Wisconsin datastream wind profiler netCDF
		or the wind profiler netCDFs in the FSL2 datafeed.

		Modified the hourly summary FSL wind profiler schema
		(in DCWRPO and SCHEMA )to reduce the number of rows
		from 50 to 35.

		Changed line 300 of nids2area.f "AUXBLK(19) = '    '"
		to "AUXBLK(19) = LIT('    ')".  The previous syntax
		fails on AIX 4.2.

		Modified build procedures to ensure success on systems
		listed in INSTALL file.

7.1.2	1997-04-21
                Fixed typo in sprintf() function in c_edest() in
                csubs.c.  The typo would result in bogus values being
                printed as the numeric part of edest calls.

7.1.1	1996-01-23
		Ported to Red Hat Linux 2.0.18.

7.1.0	1996-01-15
                Changed release numbering scheme to conform to McIDAS
                release numbering scheme.

		Made FORTRAN library statically linked to elminate
		incompatability problems with our clients.

		Added ld(1) reference to dynamic-link library (`-ldl')
		on SunOS 5 system because the McIDAS routines use it.

		Converted to McIDAS version 7.00 and above.  NB: This
		means that this version of the package *cannot* be
		linked against McIDAS version 2.102 and previous.

		cdftomd(1) utility modified to be compatible with 64-bit
		systems (e.g. Digital UNIX).

2.6.2	1996-10-18
		Updated nids2area examples in ldm-mcidas-pqact.conf by
		adding a -close to the PIPE action.  This is crutial
		for correct execution of nids2area!

		Corrected a typo in the example for setting CPP_MCIDAS
		in INSTALL

2.6.1	1996-10-11
		Updated nids2area decoder to handle precipitation
		products sent both in raster and radial formats.

		Modified cdf2md decoder to update SYSKEY.TAB with actual
		time in observation.

		Modified nldn2md decoder to update SYSKEY.TAB with time
		of last flash received.

		Updated SCHEMA, SYSKEY.TAB, and ROUTE.SYS to McIDAS-X
		version 7.000.

		Updated README.PP and batch.mx to included use of
		McIDAS-X version 2.102 (and later) use of MCPATH.

		Modified makefile in decode/ subdirectory to install
		ROUTE.SYS and SYSKEY.TAB in etc/ installation directory
		to support binary distributions.

2.6	1996-05-10
		Moved FSL netCDF to MD converter, cdftomd, from McIDAS-X
		distribution to ldm-mcidas package.  Included make test
		target for this new decoder.

		Added tests for three new NIDS products: BRLR1 (248 nm Base
		Reflectivity), SRMV1, SRMV2 (Storm Relative Mean Velocity,
		at radar tilts 1 & 2).

		Moved McIDAS-X ROUTE PostProcess hack (allows ldm-mcidas
		decoders to kick off ROUTE PostProcess BATCH files IF
		a McIDAS-X session is running on the same machine as the
		LDM): README.PP, batch.mx, readit.c

		Added schemas for FSL Wind Profiler meteorological (DCWPRO)
		and antenna (DCBPRO) data.

		Updated all man pages to reflect current release of decoders
		and LDM.

		Updated McIDAS routing table (in route.sys) to reflect
		with files in Unidata-Wisconsin broadcast and products
		created by McIDAS-X ROUTE PostProcess BATCH files.

		Updated annotated example of LDM pqact.conf file
		(ldm-mcidas-pqact.conf).

2.5	1996-04-29
                Ported to version 2.102 of McIDAS-X.  Due to changes in
                the code, this package will not work with older versions
                of McIDAS-X.

                Removed LDM ingester from distribution.  This
                functionality is now satisfied by the OS/2 `mcldm'
                utility and the XCD functionality of version 2.102 of
                McIDAS-X.

2.4.4	1996-03-26
		Corrected port/pthreads/* targets in configuration 
		(`pthread/' corrected to `pthreads/').

2.4.3	1996-03-19
		Added missing port/pthread/* files.

		Modified port/ makefiles.

2.4.2	1995-10-30
		nldn2md(1):
                    Added macro definition of pi to wsiinput.c to
		    increase portabiliby.

		    Made read-timeout more robust by changing mechanism
		    to one of installing/deinstalling the alarm handler.

		nids2area(1):
		    Made read-timeout more robust by changing mechanism
		    to one of installing/deinstalling the alarm handler.

		Misc:
		    Updated NIDS entries in example LDM pqact(1) 
		    configuration file, decode/ldm-mcidas-pqact.conf.

		    Ported to AIX 4.1 and autoconf 2.3.

		    Ported to new port/ subdirectory structure.

2.4.1	1995-03-09
		Decoders:
                    Ported to McIDAS-X 2.005.  This version of
                    McIDAS X, unlike previous versions, uses the
                    trailing-underscore convention for FORTRAN global
                    symbol names under AIX.

		    Added example pqact(1) configuration file to
		    installation.

2.4	1995-02-15
		mctingest(1):
                    Adapted "assert.h" to new "udposix.h".  It
                    misbehaved if the compiler didn't support hash-style
                    stringization.

		nldn2md(1):
		    Replaced use of GMTIME with McIDAS SKHMS for 
		    portability.

		nids2area(1):
		    New LDM-compatible decoder for NIDS image products.

		Installation:
		    Added support for those environments that don't declare
		    fgetc(3) in <stdio.h> (e.g. SunOS 4.1.3 and either 
		    /bin/cc or gcc).

                    Removed `port/install' from action of `make all' to
                    allow different build and install users.

		    Ported to gcc(1) under SunOS 5.3.

		    Updated INSTALL document.

2.3.2	1994-12-21
		mctingest(1):
                    Added check of NULLPROC transaction status used to
                    flush HEREIS and COMINGSOON/BLKDATA transactions.

		    Changed action of TERM and QUIT signals:  will no
		    longer dump core (use ABRT for that).

		Documentation:
		    Corrected name of program in lwfile(1) manual page.

		    Added examples to mctingest(1) manual page.

		Installation:
		    Removed single-threaded but multi-process `mcingest'
		    from distribution because it's no longer supported.

		    Made separate `all' and `install' targets for
		    ingester and decoders: `ingester', `decoders',
		    `ingester_install', & `decoders_install'.

                    Changed rule for making source distribution: added
                    top-level `src/' directory to support a more
                    package-oriented distribution.

		    Removed references to `test' target from INSTALL
		    file.

		    Ported to IRIX 5.2 and HP-UX A.09.05.

		    Adapted release engineering to autoconf 2.1.

2.3.1	1994-10-20
		mctingest(1):
                    Bug fix: reading from standard input caused SIGSEGV.

                    Bug fix: would daemonize itself even if reading from
                    standard input.

		Documentation:
                    Removed no-longer-allowed argv[0] field from PIPE
                    entries in the LDM configuration-file examples.

2.3	1994-09-27
		General:
		    Removed ulog(3) module from distribution: corrects
		    problem with logging on Solaris platforms.

		lwtoa3(1):
                    Modified to use McIDAS LWTOA3 library subroutine
                    rather than home-grown one.  Allows decoding of
                    products containing calibration codicils (e.g. new
                    Wetnet browse imagery).

		nldn2md(1):
		    Corrected log message printed when end-of-file
		    reached.

2.2.4	1994-07-26
		mctingest(1):
                    Ensured portability to ULTRIX 4.[34] and AIX 2.3.
                    (NOTE: The LDM-compatible decoder portion of the
                    LDM-McIDAS package is useless under ULTRIX because
                    the prerequisite McIDAS library isn't supported on
                    that platform.)

		    Ensured that no LDM-destined product will have a zero-
		    valued cookie.

		    Added use of environment variable LDMHOSTNAME to 
		    hostname-resolution procedure.

2.2.3   1994-06-08
                Decoders:
                    Added support for being exec(2)ed by pqact(1), which
                    sets SIGALRM handling to SIG_IGN.

		nldn2md.f:
		    fixed update of ROUTE.SYS and SYSKEY.TAB

		mctingest(1):
		    Fixed invalid memory-reference bug following
		    decision to use longer trailer F0 packet as product
		    identifier.  Might have caused problems following
		    `Using longer trailer' log message.

2.2.2	1994-05-02
		Configuration:
		    Added commentary about CPP_MCIDAS to INSTALL.

		mctingest(1):
		    Increased stack sizes for threads under Solaris 2.3
		    to avoid segmentation violation.

		nldn2md(1):
		    Added section to nldninput.c to check for NLDN product 
		    header.

		nldn2md.1:
		    Added more explanation to DIALPROD keyword section.

2.2.1	1994-04-26
		nldn2md(1):
		    Corrected type definition of function GETRTE.
		    Added IMPLICIT NONE to force type definitions of all
		    variables.
		    Added updating of ROUTE.SYS by CALL FSHRTE.
		    Changed timeout value in nldninput.c to 60 seconds 
		    (from 600).

		nldn2md.1:
		    Corrected example ldmd.conf nldn2md invocation line.
		    Noted that the day and time parameters on the DIALPROD
		    keyword are optional.
		    Increased explanation of DIALPROD keyword options.

2.2	1994-04-25
		nldn2md(1):
		    This new, LDM-compatible decoder added.  It decodes
		    data records containing stroke information from National
		    Lightening Data Network into McIDAS MD files.

		mctingest(1):
		    Added '-r' option (reopen input feed on EOF).

                    Made handling of SIGUSR1 (report status) and SIGUSR2
                    (change logging level) into separate, low-level
                    threads.

                    Stopped writing of log messages to console as
                    last resort due to apparent interference with FSU's
                    Pthreads package for SunOS 4.

		    Split "keep alive" thread for McIDAS workstations
		    into one thread per workstation.

		    Corrected logic bug that caused hanging upon failure
		    to send to a McIDAS workstation.

		    Modified tty input module to send START character if
		    nothing received for 255 seconds.  Hopefully, this
		    will reset hung buffer boxes.

		    Set McIDAS socket to reuse port number, greatly 
		    reducing the time to reconnect.

		    Made write(2)s to McIDAS workstations more robust.

		    Known Bugs:
                        When compiled with assertions enabled, the
                        program often aborts under SunOS 5 (alias
                        Solaris 2) due to the variable `initialized'
                        in file `port/uthread.c' being mysteriously
                        cleared.  This puzzling behavior is, as yet, not
                        understood and there is no workaround.

		misc:
		    Removed or supported a couple of Standard C'isms
		    that SunOS 4's /bin/cc couldn't handle.

		    Ported configuration mechanism to SunOS 5.3.

2.1	1993-12-07
		mctingest(1):
		    Fixed handling of SIGUSR2.

                    Enhanced `-f' and `-h' options to accept comma- or
                    space-separated list of destination names.

                    Added `-m' option to serve McIDAS workstations.

		    Added `-i' option to set software input flow control 
		    mode for tty.

		    Corrected default queue size in manual page.

                    Converted to version 1.20 of FSU's PTHREADS package.

		    Strengthened unique cookie generation for COMINGSOON
		    products.

		    Added detection of F0 header/trailer packet identifier
		    mismatch and use of longer one.

		decoders (gunrv2, lwfile, lwtoa3, lwtmd2):
		    Added timeout funtionality to handle non-delivery of
		    end of data product by LDM.

		    Improved handling of success/failure logic in lwfile
		    and lwtoa3.

		misc:
		    Modified ulog(3) to use UTC by default.

		    Enhanced makefile's "test" target.

2.0.1	1993-09-08
		Bug fixes:
		    SunOS 4.1.3 SC1.0/cc and /usr/ucb/cc support:
			Added missing `;'s to typedefs in port/signal.h.in.
			Changed c_getrec() definition in decode/mc_proto.c 
			    to non-prototype version.
			Added portable memmove() to port/.
			Moved `-I.' in tingest/Makefile to before LDM 
			    reference.
			Moved #defines outside shipper_destroy() prototype.
			Removed atexit() return test from decode/main.c.

		    Added Glenn's ulog(3) fixes.

		Added port/usleep.c to avoid linking against
		    /usr/ucblib/libucb.so under Solaris 2 (SunOS 5).

2.0	1993-09-07
		General:
		    Modified the LDM ingester and decoders to include and
		    expect, respectively, McIDAS F0 header and trailer
		    packets in the McIDAS data product stream.  As a
		    consequence, the ingester and decoders in this
		    distribution will not interoperate with older ones and,
		    in particular, *** ALL LDM-McIDAS DECODE LINES IN THE
		    LDM's PATTERN/ACTION FILE (e.g. ldmd.conf) MUST BE
		    CHANGED. *** See one of the decoder manual pages for
		    the new format (e.g. decode/lwtoa3.1).

		mctingest(1):
		   Created new, multi-threaded LDM ingester for McIDAS
		   data stream.  It's far more robust and efficient than
		   mcingest(1).  Currently available under SunOS and ULTRIX
		   only (will be available under AIX soon after we obtain
		   the AIX PTHREADS package).

		mcingest(1):
		    Changed "done" message to "sent" and "unsent".
		    Moved "sending" message from f0.c to sink.c so that
			sender PID could be printed.
		    Added test for excess number of arguments.
		    Added F0-packet record-length option (`-r').
		    Made statistics reporting format invariant across 
			invocation options.
		    Changed usage message to report default number of
			senders in terms of regular files and everything
			else.
		    Changed SIGUSR2 action to rotate through 3 modes of
			low-level logging rather than toggling between 2.

		decoders:
		    Modified all of them to (optionally) read from a file
			and (optionally) delete it at exit in order to prevent
			a slow decoder from adversely affecting an invoking
			LDM.
		    Removed extraneous (and incorrect) deccmd() function
			prototype from main.fc.

		Configuration and installation:
		    Renamed HISTORY file to RELEASE_NOTES.
		    Removed file MANIFEST from the distribution.
		    Added CPP_LDM and LD_LDM to missing values checklist.
		    Modified ln(1) usage in decode/Makefile.in to accomodate
			SGI's IRIX.

1.1	1993-03-03
		Corrected mcingest(1) usage message (default number of
		attempts and default bitrate were switched).

		Added `-d datadir' option to decoders.

1.0	1993-03-01
		Initial Release
